feat(weave): Add Bedrock Guardrails support and Scorer (#3767)
wandb/weave: docs/docs/guides/evaluation/guardrails_and_monitors.md

Reviewer: @J2-D2-3PO if you want to review docs here :)

Reviewer 2: thanks @andrewtruong I reviewed and left some style suggestions

    return result
```

## AWS Bedrock Guardrails

The `BedrockGuardrailScorer` leverages AWS Bedrock's guardrail functionality to detect and filter content based on configured policies. It utilised the `apply_guardrail` API to apply the guardrail to the content.

> This scorer requires:

Reviewer: per your pyproject

> This scorer requires:

Author: removed

> The `BedrockGuardrailScorer` leverages AWS Bedrock's guardrail functionality to detect and filter content based on configured policies. It utilised the `apply_guardrail` API to apply the guardrail to the content.
> 
> 
> This scorer requires:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `BedrockGuardrailScorer` uses AWS Bedrock's guardrail feature to detect and filter content based on configured policies. It calls the `apply_guardrail` API to apply the guardrail to the content.

To use the `BedrockGuardrailScorer`, you need the following:
```

> - An AWS account with Bedrock access
> - A configured guardrail in the AWS Bedrock console
> - The `boto3` Python package installed
> 
> We actually create the bedrock client for you, so you don't need to create your own. If you need to specify a region pass the `bedrock_runtime_kwargs` parameter to the scorer.
> 
> 
> Note: You can find more information about how to create a guardrail in the [this notebook](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-bedrock-samples/blob/main/responsible_ai/bedrock-guardrails/guardrails-api.ipynb) from Bedrock.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- An AWS account with access to Bedrock
- A configured guardrail in the AWS Bedrock console
- The `boto3` Python package

:::tip
You don't need to create your own Bedrock client—Weave creates it for you.  To specify a region, pass the `bedrock_runtime_kwargs` parameter to the scorer.
:::

For more details on creating a guardrail, see the [Bedrock guardrails notebook](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-bedrock-samples/blob/main/responsible_ai/bedrock-guardrails/guardrails-api.ipynb).
```

```python
import weave
import boto3
from weave.scorers.bedrock_guardrails import BedrockGuardrailScorer

# Initialize Weave
weave.init("my_app")

# Create a guardrail scorer
guardrail_scorer = BedrockGuardrailScorer(

>     guardrail_id="your-guardrail-id",  # Replace with your guardrail ID
>     guardrail_version="DRAFT",         # Or use a specific version
>     source="INPUT",                   # Can be "INPUT" or "OUTPUT"
>     bedrock_runtime_kwargs={"region_name": "us-east-1"}  # AWS region

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    guardrail_id="your-guardrail-id",  # Replace "your-guardrail-id" with your guardrail ID
    guardrail_version="DRAFT",          # Use guardrail_version to use a specific guardrail version
    source="INPUT",                             # Can be "INPUT" or "OUTPUT"
    bedrock_runtime_kwargs={"region_name": "us-east-1"}  # AWS region
```

)

@weave.op
def generate_text(prompt: str) -> str:

>     # Your text generation logic here

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    # Add your text generation logic here
```
